
Summarizing the current goals:

* Move all configuration from global values in code to a text file on the SD card. This will allow easier configuration without programming the board. It also opens the door to persistent settings changes via various serial interfaces. Initially that means the SD card and via USB serial connection.
* Give the data timestamps milliseconds so that short data recording intervals can be shown with more accurate resolution.
* Implement a non-blocking callback event based timing. Allow data recording interval to be easily updated.
* Create a more general purpose API for configuring the device:
    * Set and read the real time clock (rtc)
    * Set and read any of the run settings or metadata
    * List, read, and delete data files on the SD Card
* Consolidate and minimize use of global variables
* Logically group code by function. At least a little bit.
* Create python scripts that can run on a computer and easily make use of the api for common tasks
    * Set the rtc time base on the computer's time
    * Download all of the files from the device, verify transferred file size and delete the files on the SD.


## Future features

Some of the steps above are to prepare for future features that would make operating the device easier:
* The API will support later addition of interaction via the onboard WIFI
* Being able to interact with the device without access to the usb plug or sd card will open up the possibility of leaving the device sealed in its enclosure. QI wireless charging could be added.